UTF-8 Helper
------------

I am sure you love and use at least one of the world's amazing writing systems.
For example, I am sure you are intrigued by how the computer terminals, various
applications, web browsers displayed those math symbols, those curvy characters
from eastern scripts. At least I am.

The unicode is a phenomenon, we all know that.
Also, the issues of "character" and "glyph" are philosophical ones. But I
believe in lamda as a concept only when I see λ on my terminal! 

I am a command line junkie on Unix (Linux). We all owe it to the great Ken
Thompson who invented the logical UTF-8 encoding and it's nice that Linux
adopted it.

That means I need a "Unix utility" to quickly tell me the most popular
enconding (UTF-8) of the unicode code points of all characters whose
<b> approximate names </b> we know!

If you had been looking for something like that, your search is over. All you
need is a Ruby interpreter and this script named "utf8". Here are some of the
example outputs that you'd appreciate:
<pre>
$ utf8 integral
∫ = 222B (integral)
∬ = 222C (double integral)
∭ = 222D (triple integral)
∮ = 222E (contour integral)
∯ = 222F (surface integral)
∰ = 2230 (volume integral)
∱ = 2231 (clockwise integral)
∲ = 2232 (clockwise contour integral)
∳ = 2233 (anticlockwise contour integral)
⌠ = 2320 (top half integral)
⌡ = 2321 (bottom half integral)
⎮ = 23AE (integral extension)
⨋ = 2A0B (summation with integral)
⨌ = 2A0C (quadruple integral operator)
⨍ = 2A0D (finite part integral)
⨎ = 2A0E (integral with double stroke)
⨏ = 2A0F (integral average with slash)
⨕ = 2A15 (integral around a point operator)
⨖ = 2A16 (quaternion integral operator)
⨗ = 2A17 (integral with leftwards arrow with hook)
⨘ = 2A18 (integral with times sign)
⨙ = 2A19 (integral with intersection)
⨚ = 2A1A (integral with union)
⨛ = 2A1B (integral with overbar)
⨜ = 2A1C (integral with underbar)

$ utf8 summation
⅀ = 2140 (double-struck n-ary summation)
∑ = 2211 (n-ary summation)
⎲ = 23B2 (summation top)
⎳ = 23B3 (summation bottom)
⨋ = 2A0B (summation with integral)

$ utf8 chess white king
♔ = 2654 (white chess king)
$ utf8 music note eight
𝅘𝅥𝅮 = 1D160 (musical symbol eighth note)
𝅘𝅥𝅲 = 1D164 (musical symbol one hundred twenty-eighth note)
...
</pre>

That's right. You just provide as many "approximate" keywords pertaining
to the "character" you are looking for and you get the UTF-8 for it.
The applications are aplenty. You can then take the hex code that it
prints and put it on a web page as a direct entity reference to enliven
your webpages. (e.g. &#x2140 would display ⅀ on your webpage).

Of course there are many webpages that show this information. But
I needed a command line utility and now I've got one!

Enjoy.
Happy utf-8ing.
